Update solution_design.md (#2040)
cyberark/conjur: design/templates/solution_design.md

|          |                 |
|          |                 |

## Useful Links
[//]: # "Add links that may be useful for the reader"

|  **Name**   | **Link** |
|-------------|----------|
| Feature Doc |          |
| Issue       |          |

## Background
[//]: # "Give relevant background for the designed feature. What is the motivation for this solution?"

## Issue Description

> [//]: # "Elaborate on the issue you are writing a solution for"

Author: @rafis3 what is the difference between this and the "background" section? they seem very similar to me

Reviewer: Background is meant to put the reader in context. For example, for a modified Kubernetes authenticator, in the background I would write what we currently have and what is it used for, just in a few short sentences. Then in the issue I'd explain what are the gaps, issues with the current state that we want to solve. Then in the solution, I'd explain how it would be solved and why the suggestion solves the issue.

#### Class / Details
[//]: # "Describe details of each class - to emphasise its main functionality / methods and interactions"

### Sequence Diagrams
[//]: # "Describe main flows in system influenced by this design - using sequence diagram UML"

### External Interfaces
[//]: # "Describe SW interfaces to the blocks / classes that are external to this part of of project"
[//]: # "The description should contain full set of parameters per event, as well as method of interaction (sync / async / REST / GRPC / TCP /..)"

## Performance
[//]: # "Describe potential performance issues that might be raised by the system as well as their mitigations"
[//]: # "How does this solution affect the performance of the product?"

| **Subject** | **Description** | **Issue Mitigation** |
|-------------|-----------------|----------------------|
|             |                 |                      |

## Backwards Compatibility
[//]: # "How will the design of this solution impact backwards compatibility? Address how you are going to handle backwards compatibility, if necessary"

## Affected Components

> [//]: # "List all components that will be affected by your solution [Conjur, DAP, clients, integrations, etc.] and elaborate on the impacts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # "List all components that will be affected by your solution [Conjur OSS, Conjur Enterprise, clients, integrations, etc.] and elaborate on the impacts"
```

## Security
[//]: # "Are there any security issues with your solution? Even if you mentioned them somewhere in the doc it may be convenient for the security architect review to have them centralized here"

| **Security Issue** | **Description** | **Resolution** |
|--------------------|-----------------|----------------|
|                    |                 |                |

## Audit 
[//]: # "Does this solution require adding audit logs? Does it affect existing audit logs?"

| **Name (ID)** | **Description** | **Issued On** |
|---------------|-----------------|---------------|
|               |                 |               |

## Open Questions
[//]: # "Add any question that is still open. It makes it easier for the reader to have the open questions accumulated here instead of them being acattered along the doc"

## Definition of Done

- Solution designed is approved 
- Test plan is reviewed
- Acceptance criteria have been met
- Tests are implemented according to test plan 

> - The behaviour is documented in DAP and in Conjur 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The behaviour is documented in Conjur OSS and Enterprise 
```

- All relevant components are released

## Solution Review
[//]: # "Relevant personas can indicate their design approval by approving the pull request"

> | **Persona**        | **Name** |
> |--------------------|----------|
> | Team leader        |          |
> | Product owner      |          |
> | System architect   |          |
> | Security architect |          |
> | QA architect       |          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [ ] Engineering manager - _name_
- [ ] Product owner - _name_
- [ ] Software architect - _name_
- [ ] Security architect - _name_
- [ ] QA architect - _name_

```
This way, the relevant people can check the box

Author: I proposed having PR approvals serve as sign off - changing the MD content to check the box is not a great UX
